hey where you going outside normally you
take a look this why not because of the
reason and that would be I I can't tell
you
Joey what's going on okay listen you got
a promise you'll never ever tell Ross
that I told you about what he's planning
your birthday party oh my god I love him
you better act surprised about what Lisa
driving party what surprise party
I all stop it Joey already filming well
he didn't tell me hey don't look at me
this is Ross's thing it's so typical I'm
always the last one to know everything
oh you are nice we tell you stuff uh-huh
I was last to know
when Chandler got bit by the peacock at
the zoo I was the last to know when you
had a crush on Joey when he was moving
in what looks like I was second to last
okay I have a question actually not so
much a question is more of a general
wondering okay here goes um well for a
while now I've been wanting to yes yes
[Music]
I did suggest that keen it won't hurt oh
sorry that was wack poor little Tooty is
scared to dish white his owner when we
just put the poor little Tooty out in
the hall during a blackout took a
trample yeah you know what ii thought
gum would be perfection gum would be
perfection gum would be perfection
Curtis head gum would be nice could have
said I'll have a stick but no no no for
me
gum is perfection I load myself
oh oh hi we just found this carrot and
we're under looking for the owner
um yet he seems to hate you are you sure
yeah it's my cat give me my cat oh wait
a minute what's name um Bob but Bob
button buttons here buh-bye
you are a very bad man will you can
your kitty kitty kitty here kitty
kitties two goals okay kitty kitty kitty
kitty kitty
you can kkkk kitty kitty